The domains in the TrackZilla application would be application catalog,
ticket management, and user management.
The corresponding microservices architecture would have services
corresponding to each of these subdomains.
So, application management service, TicketManagement service,
and UserManagement service.
For this demo,
we will break up the TrackZilla monolith and create a
ticket management service that allows us to retrieve a
list of tickets for an application.
So looking at this code, this is what we saw at the end of module one,
the TrackZilla monolith with the controller layer,
the service layer, and the data layer.
So let's break it into microservices,
and get it ready to become a Spring Data REST project.
So the goal of this demo is to create our ticket management service.
So let's remove the unneeded domain entities: application and person.
So let's delete application.
Let's delete person.
Next, let's remove the unneeded repository.
So delete the application repository and the person repository.
Let's delete the entire service layer.
Let's even remove the controller.
So now let's clean up our application loader.
Now let's get rid of the application repository and the person repository,
let's get rid of the auto wiring.
We are no longer creating people, so let's get rid of those.
Now let's pass in the ID.
Goodbye monolith.
So let's run this and look at our database.
Now, as the application starts up,
this project is now a self-contained unit for the ticket management service.
So, let's see our database.
Go to the console for our H2 in-memory database,
click connect, so now we only have the ticket table.
So the ticket management service has its own private
database specifically for tickets.
So now the ticket management service is ready to be exposed via Spring Data REST, and that's what we will do in the next module.